how do you spend your days now like what
what do you my time is mostly split
what's between SpaceX and Tesla and of
course I I try to spend it's a part of
every week at open E I so I spend most I
spend basically half a day at opening I
most weeks and then and then I have some
opening I stuff that happens during the
week but other than that it's really
Tesla like what is your time look like
there yeah so that's a good question um
I think a lot of people think I must
spend a lot of time with media or on
business II things but actually almost
almost all my time I eighty percent of
it is spent on engineering design
engineering and design so it's
developing the next generation product
at that's 80% of it you probably know I
remember this a very long time ago many
many years you took me on a tour of
SpaceX and the most impressive thing was
that you knew every detail of the rocket
and every piece of engineering that went
into it I don't think many people get
that about you yeah I think a lot of
people think I'm kind of a business
person or something it's just fine like
business is fine but like I really it's
you know it was like it SpaceX Gwynne
Shotwell was chief operating officer she
kind of manages legal finance sales and
kind of general business activity and
then my time is almost entirely with the
engineering team working on improving
like that the Falcon 9 and the Dragon
spacecraft and developing the most
colonial architecture I mean that Tesla
it's working on the model 3 and yes I'm
in the design studio took very up half a
day a week dealing with the aesthetics
and and look and feel things and and
then most westweek is just going through
engineering of the car itself as well as
engineering of the the factory
you